That means talk five words or
last 16 years
Let the stationary
Are useful
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
Rosy心の mistake
misato
ouais
The sound of the horn is heard.
pottery
He takes the Skeleton-fist who jumps énormément with one's strength.
Andlldriver of the iron...
eats in and then eh...
...sit!
While feeling that atmosphere...
his carrots enemies.
Come here!
You're in the way.
Give me your hand!
There you are.
I'll take your soul.
I'll be waiting.
I'll be right there.
Wait, old man!
I wrote that evolve loser on paper.
Not having it...
Azout of the Fixed-qu Neil I peeked into the
so I have to bam!
An un Benimaru Master He is a person they call…
Man o' alignment
You and I are merely friends
He expresses how bitter, sad and happy she feels.
She won't forget him forever.